README.md, before:

# KerbinSideRemasteredGAP  
Contract Pack for Air flights to bases in Kerbin Side Remastered mod

FYI On GitHub The "<>CODE" is always the latest development and bug fixes prior to a release. Downloading it as a zip file is the equivalent of a "pre-release". 

Install:
- place directory KerbinSideRemasteredGAP and all sub directories and files in your Gamedata/ContractPacks directroy (Create if it does not already exist)

Required Mods:
- Eskandare - Kerbin Side Remastered - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/174336-kerbin-side-remastered-101-173/
- AlphaAsh,ozraven,Ger_space - Kerbal Konstructs - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/151818-181-kerbal-konstructs-18115-15dec2019/
- nightingale - Contract Configurator - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/91625-1101-contract-configurator-v1305-2020-10-05/

Optional Mods	(patch support provided):
- linuxgurugamer - Kramax Autopilot Continued - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/150846-19x-kramax-autopilot-continued-course-guidance-and-auto-land-for-spaceplanes/
- Ser - NavUtilities continued - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/162967-140-181-navutilities-continued-ft-hsi-instrument-landing-system-v072-2018-apr-1/

Commit message:

Move config replacements and document install
#80
- Moved config replacements to own directory with ta Readme and patch directory is now just MM patches

README.md, after:

# KerbinSideRemasteredGAP  
Contract Pack for Air flights to bases in Kerbin Side Remastered mod

FYI On GitHub The "<>CODE" is always the latest development and bug fixes prior to a release. Downloading it as a zip file is the equivalent of a "pre-release". 

Install:
- place directory KerbinSideRemasteredGAP and all sub directories and files in your Gamedata/ContractPacks directroy (Create if it does not already exist)

Required Mods:
- Eskandare - Kerbin Side Remastered - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/174336-kerbin-side-remastered-101-173/
- AlphaAsh,ozraven,Ger_space - Kerbal Konstructs - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/151818-181-kerbal-konstructs-18115-15dec2019/
- nightingale - Contract Configurator - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/91625-1101-contract-configurator-v1305-2020-10-05/

Optional Mods	(patch support provided):
- linuxgurugamer - Kramax Autopilot Continued - https://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/150846-19x-kramax-autopilot-continued-course-guidance-and-auto-land-for-spaceplanes/
- Ser - NavUtilities Updated - https://spacedock.info/mod/2879/NavUtilities%20Updated

## Note: 
Check the the README in GameData\ContractPacks\KerbinSideRemasteredGAP\Config Replacements\ for additional mode configs that need to be copied

### Supported mods are:

ComNetConstellations - https://spacedock.info/mod/1309/CommNet%20Constellation
WaypointManager - https://spacedock.info/mod/3107/WaypointManager
